Workbooks from practicing for ace course:
	Best practice is to manage role assignment by groups, not by individual
	users.
	
	A billing account can handle billing for more than one project.
	A project can only be linked to one billing account at a time.
	Even projects using free resources need to be tied to a valid Cloud
	Billing account.
	
	You can set up to 5 Cloud Monitoring channels to define email recipients
	that will receive budget alerts.
	
	Cloud SQL does not support user-defined functions
	
	N2 is a balanced machine type, which is recommended for
	medium-large databases.
	
	E2 is a cost-optimized machine type.
	
	App Engine
		standard
			apps run in a sandbox using a specific language
			runtime.
			good for rapid scaling
			limited to specific languages.
			It can scale to 0 when there is no incoming traffic.
			It starts up in seconds.
		flexible
			runs in Docker containers in Compute Engine VMs.
			Flexible supports more programming languages.
			App Engine flexible does not scale to 0.
			Startup is in minutes.
			Deployment time is in minutes (longer than standard)
			
	Finalize event trigger when a write to Cloud Storage is complete.
	
	Terraform 
		init downloads the latest version.
		plan verifies the syntax.
		plan outputs a preview of resources.
		Terraform Apply sets up resources specified in the terraform
		config file.
		
	internal http(s) load balancer can only use NEGs.
	
	GKE
		Pods provide the executable resources your containers run in.
		
		Service endpoints are defined by pods with labels that match
		those specified in the service configuration file.
		
		Services then specify how those pods are exposed.
		
		Deployments help you with availability and the health of a set of
		pod replicas.
		
		pod
			smallest deployable object in Kubernetes
			single instance of a running process that contains one or more docker
			containers
			Pods provide networking and storage to containers, and contain
			dependencies the container needs to run and communicate.
		deployment
			manages a set of multiple identical pods.
			replaces unhealthy instances
			you update the pod template in a deployment, it starts a rolling upgrade 
			of the pods in the deployment.
		service
			group of pod endpoints that you can conﬁgure access for.
			gives you a stable IP that belongs to the service.
			can be conﬁgured to implement load balancing.
		kubectl apply creates and updates Kubernetes objects in a
		declarative way from manifest files.
		you can set up dedicated service accounts for each pod
		
	
	
