Notes:
	Cloud Data Fusion
		cloud-native data integration at any scale.
		code-free deployment of ETL/ELT data pipelines
		scalable data integration solutions to 
		clean, prepare, blend, transfer, and transform data, 
		without having to manage the infrastructure.
	Cloud Audit Logs overview
		who did what, where, and when?
		Types:
			Admin Activity
				can't configure, exclude, or disable them.
			Data Access
				except for BigQuery Data Access audit logs
				disabled by default
			System Event
				can't configure, exclude, or disable them.
			Policy Denied
				can't disable
				can use exclusion filters to prevent Policy Denied audit logs
				from being ingested and stored in Cloud Logging.
				
	Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)
		uses Container-Optimized OS
		Persistent disks and Local SSD
		Services
			set of Pods with a network endpoint that can be used
			for discovery and load balancing
			Types					
				ClusterIP (default)
					Internal clients send requests to a stable internal IP address.
				NodePort
					External traffic send requests to the IP address of a Node 
					on one or more nodePort values
					nodePort : 30000-32767
					not secure
				LoadBalancer
					Clients send requests to the IP address of a network load balancer.
					external traffic have access to service through cloud load balancer
				ExternalName
					Internal clients use the DNS name of a Service 
					as an alias for an external DNS name.
					provides an internal alias for an external DNS name. 
				Headless
					Client want to communicate with 1 specific Pod directly
					Pod to` specific Pod directly
					statefull apps like mysql (Pod replicas are not identical)
					clusterIP: None 
					
					
		Ingresses
			set of rules for routing external HTTP(S) traffic to services
		commands
			create cluster
				gcloud container clusters create
			create an Autopilot cluster 
				gcloud container clusters create-auto
			fetch credentials for a running cluster
				gcloud container clusters get-credentials
			increase nodes in cluster
				gcloud container clusters resize --node-pool
			auto scale for cluster
				gcloud container clusters update my-cluster --enable-autoscaling 
					--min-nodes=1 --max-nodes=10	
				
			create deployment (microservice)
				kubectl create deployment 
			expose deployment (create service)
				kubectl expose deployment
			scale deployment
				kubectl scale deployment my-dep --replicas=3
			autoscale deployment
				kubectl autoscale deployment --max=3 --cpu-percent=70
			add configuration for microservice
				kubectl create configmap my-config --from-literal=RDS_DB_NAME=todos
			add password configuration for microservice
				kubectl create secret my-sec --from-literal=RDS_PASSWORD=password 
	Managed instance groups 
		autoscaling, autohealing, regional (multiple zone) deployment,
		and automatic updating.
		
	Unmanaged instance group
		VMs that require individual configuration settings or tuning.
		let you load balance across a fleet of VMs that you manage yourself.
		
	Big Query
		Dry run to estimate cost
			--dry_run flag in the bq command-line tool
			dryRun parameter when submitting a query job using the API
		maximum bytes billed setting to limit query costs.
	Cloud SQL
		Point in Recovery
			can't be done to same instance
			have to create a clone
			transaction log retention (1-7days)
		Replicas
			Read replicas
				offload work from a Cloud SQL instance. 
				exact copy of the primary instance.
				are read-only; you cannot write to them.
			Cross-region read replicas
				read replica in a different region from the primary instance.
			Cascading read replicas
				create a read replica under another read replica 
				in the same or a different region. 
				During an outage, your selected read replica is promoted to primary
				A read replica that has its own replica.
			External read replicas
				External read replicas are external MySQL instances
				replicate from a Cloud SQL primary instance. 
				
	Google Cloud Directory Sync
		synchronize the data in your Google Account with 
		your Microsoft Active Directory or LDAP server.
		synchronize your Google users, groups, and shared contacts 
		to match the information in your LDAP server.
	Binary Authorization
		Deploy only trusted workloads for containers and serverless.
		deploy-time security control 
		trusted container images are deployed 
		on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) or Cloud Run.
	Budget alerts
		recipients of email alerts
			role-based option (default)
				billing admins and users on the Cloud Billing account.
			Cloud Monitoring
				ther people in your organization to receive budget alert emails.
			Pub/Sub for programmatic notifications 
	App Engine
		Build your application in Node.js, Java, Ruby, C#, Go, Python, or PHP.
		focus on code 
		Standard environment
			run in a sandbox, using the runtime environment
			rapid scaling.
			Python,Java,Node.js,PHP,Ruby,Go
			run for free or at very low cost
			Scale to zero
			Deployment time in Seconds
		Flexible environment
			run within Docker containers on Compute Engine virtual machines (VM).
			consistent traffic, experience regular traffic fluctuations,
			Python, Java, Node.js, Go, Ruby, PHP, or .NET
			Docker container that includes a custom runtime or 
			source code written in other programming languages.
			Background processes
			SSH debugging (disabled by default)
			minimum 1 instance
			Deployment time in Minutes
			
		app.yaml
			App Engine app's settings
			runtime and the latest version
			URL paths correspond to request handlers and static files. 
		cron.yaml
			define scheduled tasks for your application.
		dispatch.yaml	
			override routing rules.
			send incoming requests to a specific service 
			based on the path or hostname in the URL.
			app can have only one dispatch.yaml
			file apply to all of the app's services and versions.
			up to 20 routing rules.
		index.yaml	
			Datastore uses indexes for every query your application makes.
			You specify which indexes your app needs in a index.yaml
		queue.yaml
			to configure both push queues and pull queues.
			optional for push queues
			Pull queues must be specifically configured in queue.yaml.
			
	Firestore
		Native mode
			next major version of Datastore
			Firestore is a NoSQL document database
			collection and document data model
			Real-time updates
			Mobile and Web client libraries
			Firestore is backwards compatible with Datastore
			new data model, real-time updates, and mobile and web client library features are not. 
			To access all of the new Firestore features, you must use Firestore in Native mode.
			mobile and web client libraries with real-time and offline features.
		Datastore mode
			Entities organized into kinds and entity groups.
			Removes the previous consistency limitations of Datastore
			Datastore v1 API support
		Use Firestore in Datastore mode for new server projects.
		Use Firestore in Native mode for new mobile and web apps.
		
		
		
	Cloud Functions triggers
		HTTP triggers
			1st gen, you can choose whether HTTPS is required during deployment.
			2nd gen, requests to a function URL always require HTTPS
		Pub/Sub triggers
		Cloud Storage triggers
		Google Cloud Firestore Triggers
		Google Analytics for Firebase Triggers
		Firebase Realtime Database Triggers
		Firebase Authentication Triggers
		Firebase Remote Config Triggers
		Second-Party Triggers with Cloud Logging
		
		


			
	
		
				
	
