Notes:
	Devops Five Pillars
		Reduce org silos
		Accept failure as normal
		Implement gradual change (like canary)
		Leverage tooling & automation
		Measure everything
		
	Application deployment
		Recreate deployment pattern
			you fully scale down the existing application version before you scale up the new application
			version.
		Rolling update deployment pattern
			you update a subset of running application instances instead of simultaneously 
			updating every application instance
			number of instances that you update simultaneously is called the window size.
		Blue/green deployment pattern
			you perform two identical deployments of your application
			Only one version is live at a time.
			Traffic is routed to the blue deployment while the green deployment is created and tested.
			After you're finished testing, you route traffic to the new version.
			Environment separation
	Testing strategies
		Canary test pattern
			you partially roll out a change and then evaluate its performance against a baseline deployment
		A/B test pattern
			you route a subset of users to new functionality based on routing rules
			you control your target audience for the new features and monitor any 
			statistically significant differences in user behavior
		Shadow test pattern
			you deploy and run a new version alongside the current version, but in such a way that 
			the new version is hidden from the users
			
	
	Data incident response process
		After declare an incident, we designate an incident commander who coordinates incident response and
		resolution.The incident commander delegates the responsibility for managing different aspects of the
		incident to experts and manages the incident from the moment of declaration to closure. 
		Incident commander
			Coordinated incident response and resolution
			person who declares the incident typically steps into the IC role
		Communication lead
			manages communication around the incident
		Operation lead
			Manages technical response and remidiation of the incident
			Remidiation
			Investigation
		Subject matter experts
			Provide subject matter expertise
			Managed by incident commander
			Security & privacy
			Legal
			Product
			Support
			Digital forensics
			Signals detection team
			Global investigation teams
		
	Incident Response workflow
		Identification
			Detection
				Automated & manual processes detect potential vulnerabilities and incidents
			Reporting
				Automated & manual processes report the issue to Google's incident response team
		Coordination
			Triage
				On-call responder evaluates the nature of the incident report
				On-call responder assesses severity of the incident
				On-call responder assigns incident commander
			Engage response team
				Incident commander completes assessment of known facts
				Incident commander designates leads from relevant teams and forms incident response team
				Incident response team evaluates incident and response effort
		Resolution
			Investigation
				Incident response team gathers key facts about the incident
				Additional resources are integrated as needed to allow for expedient resolution
			Containment & recovery
				Operations lead takes immediate steps to:
					Limit ongoing damage
					Fix underlying issue
					Restore affected systems and services to normal operations
			Communication
				Key facts are evaluated to determine whether notification is appropriate
				Communications lead develops a communication plan with appropriate leads
		Closure
			Lessons learned
				Incident response team retrospects on incident and response effort
				Incident commander designates owners for long-term improvements
		Continuous improvement
			Program development
				Maintain the training, processes, resources, and tools
			Prevention
				Improve incident response program based on lessons learned
					
	Tools used for incident response
		PagerDuty
			We store all of our on-call information, service ownership, postmortems, incident metadata, 
			and the like, in PagerDuty. 
		Slack
			We maintain a dedicated channel (#incident-war-room) as a gathering place for all subject-matter
			experts and Incident Commanders.
		Best Practices
			Incident Response Training
			Prepare Beforehand
			Decide on a communication channel
			Keep your audience informed
			Prepare a list of contacts
			Establish criteria for an incident
			Drills
	Document issue in a postmortem
		Document root causes
		Create and prioritize action items
		Communicate postmortem to stakeholders
					
	Secrets management and key management
		Secret Manager allows you to store, manage, and access secrets as binary blobs or text strings. 
		With the appropriate permissions, you can view the contents of the secret.
		
	Binary Authorization
		With Binary Authorization you can configure a policy that defines which attestations must be 
		present on your image before it can be deployed across your clusters	
		
	Cloud Build
		Cloud Build is a service that executes your builds on Google Cloud.
	
	Anthos
		Anthos is a modern application management platform that provides a consistent development and operations
		experience for cloud and on-premises environments. 
		
	
	GKE autoscaling
		Horizontal Pod Autoscaler (HPA), for adding and removing Pods based on utilization metrics.
		Vertical Pod Autoscaler (VPA), for sizing your Pods.
		Cluster Autoscaler, for adding and removing Nodes based on the scheduled workload.
		Node auto-provisioning, for dynamically creating new node pools with nodes that match the needs of 
		users' Pods.
	
	
	SLO
		This is a target value or range of values for a service level that is measured by an SLI.
	SLI
		This is a carefully defined quantitative measure of some aspect of the level of service
		that is provided.
	SLA
		This is an explicit or implicit contract with your users that includes consequences of meeting
		(or missing) the SLOs they contain
		Should be less strict than SLO’s
	Error budget
		Provides a clear, objective metric that determines how unreliable the service is allowed to be within a
		single quarter.
	Toil
		Toil is the kind of work tied to running a production service that tends to be manual, repetitive,
		automatable, tactical, devoid of enduring value, and that scales linearly as a service grows
	Toil Budgets
		Google aims to ensure that at least 50% of each SRE's time is spent doing engineering projects
	
	DevOps
		Organizational and cultural movement that aims to increase software delivery velocity, service
		reliability, and shared ownership among stakeholders.
		No Silos, Accidents are normal, Gradual change, Tooling, measurement is crucial.
	Alerting
		While there may be many alerts ultimately, your goal is to be notified for a significant event: an event
		that consumes a large fraction of the error budget.
		Target Error rate
			alert if the error rate over that window exceeds the SLO.
		Increased alert window
			By increasing the window size, you spend a higher budget amount before triggering an alert.
		Incrementing duration
			Add a duration parameter to the alert criteria so the alert won’t fire unless the value remains
			above the threshold for some time.
		Burn rate
			Burn rate is how fast, relative to the SLO, the service consumes the error budget
		Multiple burn rate
			Use multiple burn rates and time windows, and fire alerts when burn rates surpass a specified
			threshold. This option retains the benefits of alerting on burn rates and ensures that you don’t
			overlook lower (but still significant) error rates.
		Multiwindow, multi- burn-rate alerts
			We can enhance the multi-burn-rate alerts in iteration 5 to notify us only when we’re still
			actively burning through the budget—thereby reducing the number of false positives. 
			To do this, we need to add another parameter: a shorter window to check if the error budget is
			still being consumed as we trigger the alert.
	
	Monitoring
		Collecting, processing, aggregating, and displaying real-time quantitative data about a system,
		such as query counts and types, error counts etc.
	Managing Risk
		Item or risk that may cause you to not meet the SLO
	Post-mortems
		These are conducted after and incident and a great form of learning for everyone.
		No blame, root causes, action items
	Handling Incidents
		Things break so it is important to understand how and what to do when that happens.
	API lifecycle
		What is the process for your new deployment and life cycle of your API.	
		Stages to replace an API
	Dashboards
		This is a product within Stackdriver for managing and responding to incidents.
	Response Structure
		Communication and structure is a key part of handling incident.
		Operation lead,Communication lead,Incident commander
		
		
	Cloud Monitoring
		Cloud Monitoring (formerly Stackdriver) discovers and monitors your cloud resources
		automatically, whether you are running on Google Cloud Platform or AWS
		1- Metrics
		2- Custom metrics
		3- Alerting policies
		4- Monitoring
	Sharing charts
		If you want, you can share a chart with others by sending them a parameterized URL.
		1- Sharing various chars is possible
		2- Understand how to customise the parameter
		3- Know the tag used	
	Workspaces
		A Workspace is a tool for monitoring resources contained in one or more Google Cloud projects
	Stackdriver agent / Fluentd
		The Logging agent, an application based on Fluentd that runs on your virtual machine (VM) instances.
		Ops Agent
			agent combines logging and metrics into a single agent, providing YAML-based configurations 
			for collecting your logs and metrics, and features high-throughput logging.
		Legacy Logging agent
			Streams logs from common third-party applications and system software to Cloud Logging.
			You can configure the agent to stream additional logs.
	Protect sensitive Data
		Fluentd filter plugin mutates/transforms incoming event streams in a versatile manner
		Filter record transformer
			1- Remove sensitive or unwanted data
			2- Add new fields
			3- Update field in log entries
			4- Delete fields in log entries
		Fluent plugin record reformer
			it also allows you to modify log tags.
		Fluent plugin detect exceptions
			output plugin scans a log stream, either unstructured (text) or JSON-format log records,
			for multi-line exception stack traces.
			If a consecutive sequence of log entries forms an exception stack trace, 
			the log entries are forwarded as a single, combined log message. Otherwise, the log entry is
			forwarded as it was.
	Pub/Sub is used for log sinks to third-party platforms
	
	Best practices for speeding up builds
		Building leaner containers
			separate the building of the application, along with the tools used to build it, 
			from the assembly of the runtime container.
		Using Kaniko cache
			Kaniko cache is a Cloud Build feature that caches container build artifacts by storing and
			indexing intermediate layers within a container image registry, such as Google's own Container
			Registry, where they are available for use by subsequent builds.
		Using a cached Docker image
			Specify a cached image that can be used for subsequent builds. You can specify the cached image
			by adding the --cache-from argument in your build config file, which will instruct Docker to
			build using that image as a cache source.
		Caching directories with Google Cloud Storage
			You can copy the results of a previous build to a Google Cloud Storage bucket, use the results for
			faster calculation, and then copy the new results back to the bucket.
		Avoiding the upload of unnecessary files
	
	
	Ensure healthy communication and collaboration for operations
		Prevent burnout (e.g., set up automation processes to prevent burnout)
		Foster a learning culture
		Foster a culture of blamelessness
	Artifact Registry
		Regional and multi-regional repositories
		Multiple repositories per Google Cloud project
		Repository-native IAM with granular permissions
		LOCATION-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT-ID/REPOSITORY/IMAGE:TAG
	Spinnaker
		a continuous delivery platform for cloud
		Google Cloud Build sends Build Notifications when the state of your build changes. 
		Open-source, multi-cloud deployments
		Spinnaker subscribes to these pub/sub messages so that it can
			track the status of builds it has initiated in a GCB stage
			trigger pipelines based on build status changes
	
	After you created a service account in project A you should go to project B to "IAM" (not "Service Accounts"),
	There you will be able to add the email you just created with proper roles.
	Terraform
		Initialize Terraform
			run terraform init to add the necessary plugins and build the .terraform directory
		Validate the Terraform configuration
			terraform plan Verifies that the syntax of main.tf is correct
			shows a preview of the resources that will be created	
		Apply the configuration
			terraform apply
		Clean up
			terraform destroy
	Container analysis and vulnerability scanning
		Enable the Container Scanning API.
		The scanning service performs vulnerability scans on images in Artifact Registry and Container Registry
	Binary Authorization
		Binary Authorization is a deploy-time security control that ensures only trusted container images are
		deployed on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) or Cloud Run. 
		you can require images to be signed by trusted authorities during the development process and then enforce
		signature validation when deploying
		you view and configure the default rule in the policy. 
		The default rule allows all images to be deployed.
	Customizing Cloud Logging logs for Google Kubernetes Engine with Fluentd
		Deploying the Fluentd daemonset to your cluster
		Filtering information from the logfile
			kubernetes/fluentd-configmap.yaml
			add filters in file
	Configure the Logging agent
		Third-party application log input configuration
			/etc/google-fluentd/config.d/[APPLICATION_NAME].conf	
		Modifying Log Records
			filter plugin - filter_record_transformer
				Add new fields to log entries
				Update fields in log entries
				Delete fields in log entries
			fluent-plugin-record-reformer 
				similae to above
				also allows you to modify log tags.
			fluent-plugin-detect-exceptions
				output plugin scans a log stream, either unstructured (text) or JSON-format log records,
				for multi-line exception stack traces.
				If a consecutive sequence of log entries forms an exception stack trace, the log entries
				are forwarded as a single, combined log message. Otherwise, the log entry is forwarded as
				it was.
	Structured logging
		structured logs refer to log entries that use the jsonPayload field to add structure to their payloads.
		Use the Logging API
		Use the gcloud CLI
		Use BindPlane
		Use the Logging agent
	Alerting
		roles/monitoring.alertPolicyEditor
	Export Google Cloud security data to your SIEM system
		Cloud Pub/Sub and Dataflow to aggregate and stream logs from Cloud Logging
	Grant access to Cloud Monitoring
		To view the metrics visible to a metrics scope
			roles/monitoring.viewer
		To modify a metrics scope
			roles/monitoring.monitoring.admin
	Configure and manage sinks
		roles/logging.configWriter
	logging export
		Cloud Storage: JSON files stored in Cloud Storage buckets.
		Pub/Sub: JSON messages delivered to Pub/Sub topics. 
			Supports third-party integrations, such as Splunk, with Logging.
		BigQuery: Tables created in BigQuery datasets.
		Another Cloud Logging bucket: Log entries held in Cloud Logging log buckets.
	
	Field-level access control
		let you hide individual LogEntry fields from users of a Google Cloud project,
		providing you a more granular way to control the logs data a user can access.
	Dashboards
		roles/monitoring.dashboardViewer
			Monitoring Dashboard Configuration Viewer	
		roles/monitoring.dashboardEditor
			Monitoring Dashboard Configuration Editor
	Incidents
		roles/monitoring.viewer
		roles/monitoring.editor	
	Notification channels
		roles/monitoring.notificationChannelViewer
		roles/monitoring.notificationChannelEditor	
	
	Metrics scope configurations
		roles/monitoring.metricsScopesViewer
		roles/monitoring.metricsScopesAdmin
		
	instrument your application
		You can instrument your code by using the Google client libraries. However, 
		it's recommended that you use OpenTelemetry or OpenCensus to instrument your application. 
		These are open source tracing packages. OpenTelemetry is actively in development and is the preferred
		package.
		Use OpenTelemetry and the associated Cloud Trace client library. This is the recommended way to instrument
		your applications.
		Use OpenCensus if an OpenTelemetry client library is not available for your language.
		Use the Cloud Trace API and write custom methods to send tracing data to Cloud Trace.
	
	local development server
		The Google Cloud CLI includes a local development server (dev_appserver.py
		to simulate running your application in production App Engine as well as use it to access App Engine
		bundled services.
	
	load balancer health check will not recover the instance. The load balancer health check will exclude the instance
	from receiving traffic.
	managed instance group health check will recreate the instance when it fails
	
	Use split traffic in GKE for A/B or canary deployment
	change name for blue/green deployment
	
	GKE support for two types of Cloud Load Balancing for a publicly accessible application:
		Ingress
		External Network Load Balancing
	When you expose one or more Services through an Ingress using the default Ingress controller,
	GKE creates a global external HTTP(S) load balancer (classic) or an internal HTTP(S) load balancer
	Both of these load balancers support multiple backend services on a single URL map. 
		
