Test Notes:
	
	HTTP requests to which dependent applications cause performance issues
		Stackdriver Trace, review inter-service HTTP requests.
		
	Share a monitoring chart with SRE team
		Click ג€Share chart by URLג€ and provide the URL to the SRE team. 
		Assign the SRE team the Monitoring Viewer IAM role in the workspace project
		or
		Share the workspace Project ID with the SRE team.
		Assign the SRE team the Monitoring Viewer IAM role in the workspace project.
		
	Other team manager ask you to provide a formal explanation of what happened so they can action remediations.
		Develop a postmortem that includes the root causes, resolution, lessons learned, and 
		a prioritized list of action items.
		Share it on the engineering organization's document portal.
		
	In GKE, third party application writes its log information to /var/log/app_messages.log, 
	and you want to send these log entries to Stackdriver Logging.
		Deploy a Fluentd daemonset to GKE. Then create a customized input and output configuration to tail
		the log file in the application's pods and write to Stackdriver Logging.
	
	In VM, application is logging information via syslog
	You notice that syslog is not showing up in the "All logs" dropdown list of the Logs Viewer.
		What is the first thing you should do?
		SSH to the VM and execute the following commands on your VM: ps ax | grep fluentd.
		
	You use a multiple step Cloud Build pipeline to build and deploy your application to (GKE). 
	You want to integrate with a third-party monitoring platform by performing a 
	HTTP POST of the build information to a webhook.
		Create a Cloud Pub/Sub push subscription to the Cloud Build cloud-builds PubSub topic
		to HTTP POST the build information to a webhook.
		
	You use Spinnaker to deploy your application and have created a canary deployment stage in the pipeline. 
	Your application has an in-memory cache that loads objects at start time. 
	You want to automate the comparison of the canary version against the production version.
		How should you configure the canary analysis?		
		Compare the canary with a new deployment of the current production version.
	
	ServiceLevel Indicator (SLI) to represent home page request latency with page load time set to 100ms.
	What is the Google-recommended way of calculating this SLI?
		Count the number of home page requests that load in under 100 ms, 
		and then divide by the total number of home page requests.
		
	one of the new features isn't working as expected in the production environment.
	you roll back the new release and deploy a fix.
	You want to modify your release process to reduce the mean time to recovery to avoid extended outages in future. 
		Adopt the blue/green deployment strategy when releasing new code via a CD server.
		Configure a CI server. Add a suite of unit tests to your code and have your CI server run them
		on commit and verify any changes.
		
	You have a pool of application servers running on Compute Engine. 
	What would be a secure solution that requires the least amount of configuration and allows developers to easily
	access application logs for troubleshooting. 
		Deploy the Stackdriver logging agent to the application servers.
		Give the developers the IAM Logs Viewer role to access Stackdriver and view logs.
	
	You support the backend of a mobile phone game that runs on GKE cluster. 
	The application is serving HTTP requests from users.
	You need to implement a solution that will reduce the network cost.
		Configure a Google Cloud HTTP Load Balancer as Ingress.
	
	You encountered a major service outage that affected all users of the service for multiple hours.
	ou need to provide an incident summary to relevant stakeholders following the Site Reliability Engineering
	recommended practices.
		Develop a post-mortem to be distributed to stakeholders. 
	
	You expect a service user growth rate of 10% month-over-month over the next six months in GKE. 
	Standard regional cluster on three zones with cluster autoscaler enabled. 
	You currently consume about 30% of your total deployed CPU capacity.
	You want to ensure that your users experience minimal negative impact as a result of this growth 
	or as a result of zone failure, while avoiding unnecessary costs.
		Verify the maximum node pool size, enable a horizontal pod autoscaler, 
		and then perform a load test to verify your expected resource needs. 
	
	Your application images are built and pushed to Google Container Registry (GCR). 
	You want to build an automated pipeline that deploys the application when the image is updated while minimizing 
	the development effort.
		Use Cloud Pub/Sub to trigger a Spinnaker pipeline.
	
	You are managing the production deployment to a set of Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) clusters. 
	You want to make sure only images which are successfully built by your trusted CI/CD pipeline 
	are deployed to production. 	
		Set up the Kubernetes Engine clusters with Binary Authorization.
		
		
	Application that runs on a large Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster deployed on-premises 
	and on Google Cloud Platform. The application consists of microservices that run in containers.
	You want to identify containers that are using the most CPU and memory. What should you do?
		Use Stackdriver Kubernetes Engine Monitoring.
	
	Developers use the production environment for new feature development and bug fixes.
	Testers use the production environment for load testing, which often slows the production systems.
		Create a development environment for writing code and 
		a test environment for configurations, experiments, and load testing.
		
	You support an application running on App Engine. The application is used globally and 
	accessed from various device types. You want to know the number of connections. You are using Stackdriver
	Monitoring for App Engine.What metric should you use?
		flex/connections/current
	
	You support an application deployed on Compute Engine. The application connects to a Cloud SQL instance to 
	store and retrieve data. After an update to the application, users report errors showing database timeout
	messages. The number of concurrent active users remained stable. You need to find the most probable cause 
	of the database timeout. What should you do?
		Use Stackdriver Profiler to visualize the resources utilization throughout the application.
		
	"""
	Your application images are built using Cloud Build and pushed to Google Container Registry (GCR).
	You want to be able to specify a particular version of your application for deployment based on the release
	version tagged in source control. What should you do when you push the image?
		Use Cloud Build to include the release version tag in the application image. 
	"""
		
	You receive an alert indicating that the service is failing to serve most of its requests and all of its dependent
	systems with hundreds of thousands of users are affected.As part of your Site Reliability Engineering (SRE)
	incident management protocol, you declare yourself Incident Commander (IC) and pull in two experienced people from
	your team as Operations Lead (OL) and Communications Lead (CL). What should you do next?		
		Establish a communication channel where incident responders and leads can communicate with each other.
		
		
	You are developing a strategy for monitoring your Google Cloud Platform (GCP) projects in production using
	Stackdriver Workspaces. One of the requirements is to be able to quickly identify and react to production
	environment issues without false alerts from development and staging projects. You want to ensure that you adhere
	to the principle of least privilege when providing relevant team members with access to Stackdriver Workspaces.
	What should you do?
		Create a new GCP monitoring project and create a Stackdriver Workspace inside it. Attach the production
		projects to this workspace. Grant relevant team members read access to the Stackdriver Workspace
		
	You currently store the virtual machine (VM) utilization logs in Stackdriver. You need to provide an easy-to-share
	interactive VM utilization dashboard that is updated in real time and contains information aggregated on a
	quarterly basis. You want to use Google Cloud Platform solutions. What should you do?
		1. Export VM utilization logs from Stackdriver to BigQuery. 2. Create a dashboard in Data Studio.
		3. Share the dashboard with your stakeholders.	
	
	You need to run a business-critical workload on a fixed set of Compute Engine instances for several months. The
	workload is stable with the exact amount of resources allocated to it. You want to lower the costs for this
	workload without any performance implications. What should you do?
		Purchase Committed Use Discounts
	
	You are taking over the management of a new service from the Development Team, and you conduct a Production
	Readiness Review (PRR).After the PRR analysis phase, you determine that the service cannot currently meet its
	Service Level Objectives (SLOs). You want to ensure that the service can meet its SLOs in production.
		Identify recommended reliability improvements to the service to be completed before handover.
	
	You are running an experiment to see whether your users like a new feature of a web application. Shortly after
	deploying the feature as a canary release, you receive a spike in the number of 500 errors sent to users, and 
	your monitoring reports show increased latency. You want to quickly minimize the negative impact on users.
	What should you do first?
		Roll back the experimental canary release
		
	You are responsible for creating and modifying the Terraform templates that define your Infrastructure.
	Because two new engineers will also be working on the same code, you need to define a process and adopt a tool
	that will prevent you from overwriting each other's code. You also want to ensure that you capture all updates in
	the latest version. What should you do?
		Store your code in a Git-based version control system.Establish a process that includes code reviews by
		peers and unit testing to ensure integrity and functionality before integration of code.
		Establish a process where the fully integrated code in the repository becomes the latest master version.
	
	The home page of the application displays multiple widgets containing content such as the current weather, stock
	prices, and news headlines. The main serving thread makes a call to a dedicated microservice for each widget and
	then lays out the homepage for the user. The microservices occasionally fail; when that happens, the serving
	thread serves the homepage with some missing content. Users of the application are unhappy if this degraded mode
	occurs too frequently, but they would rather have some content served instead of no content at all. You want to
	set a Service Level Objective (SLO) to ensure that the user experience does not degrade too much. What Service
	Level Indicator (SLI) should you use to measure this?
		quality SLI: the ratio of non-degraded responses to total responses
	
	You support a multi-region web service running on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) 
	behind a Global HTTP/S Cloud Load Balancer (CLB). For legacy reasons, user requests first go through a third-party
	Content Delivery Network (CDN), which then routes traffic to the CLB. You have already implemented an availability
	Service Level Indicator (SLI) at the CLB level. However, you want to increase coverage in case of a potential 
	load balancer misconfiguration, CDN failure, or other global networking catastrophe.
	Where should you measure this new SLI? 
		Instrumentation coded directly in the client
		A synthetic client that periodically sends simulated user requests.
	
	Your team is designing a new application for deployment into Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE).
	You need to set up monitoring to collect and aggregate various application-level metrics in a centralized
	location. You want to use Google Cloud Platform services while minimizing the amount of work required to set up
	monitoring. What should you do?
		Publish various metrics from the application directly to the Stackdriver Monitoring API, 
		and then observe these custom metrics in Stackdriver. 
		
	You support a production service that runs on a single Compute Engine instance. You regularly need to spend time
	on recreating the service by deleting the crashing instance and creating a new instance based on the relevant
	image.You want to reduce the time spent performing manual operations while following Site
	Reliability Engineering principles. What should you do?
		Create a Managed instance Group with a single instance and use health checks 
		to determine the system status.
	
	Your application artifacts are being built and deployed via a CI/CD pipeline. You want the CI/CD pipeline to
	securely access application secrets. You also want to more easily rotate secrets in case of a security breach.
	What should you do?
		Store secrets in Cloud Storage encrypted with a key from Cloud KMS. 
		Provide the CI/CD pipeline with access to Cloud KMS via IAM.
		
	You are the person in charge of Communications for a large, ongoing incident affecting your customer-facing
	applications. There is still no estimated time for a resolution of the outage. You are receiving emails from
	internal stakeholders who want updates on the outage, as well as emails from customers who want to know what is
	happening. You want to efficiently provide updates to everyone affected by the outage.
		Provide periodic updates to all stakeholders in a timely manner. Commit to a 
		next update time in all communications. 
		or
		Delegate the responding to internal stakeholder emails to another member 
		of the Incident Response Team. Focus on providing responses directly to customers.
		
	Your team uses Cloud Build for all CI/CD pipelines. You want to use the kubectl builder for Cloud Build to deploy
	new images to Google Kubernetes Engine(GKE). You need to authenticate to GKE while minimizing development effort.
		Assign the Container Developer role to the Cloud Build service account.
		
	You support an application that stores product information in cached memory. 
	For every cache miss, an entry is logged in Stackdriver Logging.
	You want to visualize how often a cache miss happens over time. 
		Create a logs-based metric in Stackdriver Logging and a dashboard for that 
		metric in Stackdriver Monitoring.
	
	The service needs to automatically scale using a Managed Instance Group (MIG) and should be deployed over multiple
	regions. The service needs a large number of resources for each instance and you need to plan for capacity. 
		Validate that the resource requirements are within the available quota limits of each region. 
	
	You are running an application on Compute Engine and collecting logs through Stackdriver. You discover that some
	personally identifiable information (PII) is leaking into certain log entry fields. All PII entries begin with 
	the text userinfo. You want to capture these log entries in a secure location for later review and prevent them
	from leaking to Stackdriver Logging. 
		Use a Fluentd filter plugin with the Stackdriver Agent to remove log entries containing userinfo,
		and then copy the entries to a Cloud Storage bucket.

	You have a CI/CD pipeline that uses Cloud Build to build new Docker images and push them to Docker Hub. 
	You use Git for code versioning. After making a change in the Cloud Build YAML configuration, 
	you notice that no new artifacts are being built by the pipeline. You need to resolve the issue following Site
	Reliability Engineering practices.
		Run a Git compare between the previous and current Cloud Build Configuration files to find and fix the bug.
	
	You are writing a postmortem for an incident, triggered by a software change, that severely affected users. 
	You want to prevent severe incidents from happening in the future.
		Ensure that test cases that catch errors of this type are run successfully before new software releases.
	
	
	
	
	
	UPTO 40
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
		
	
	
	
	You need to measure application reliability from a user perspective without making any engineering changes to it. 
		Create new synthetic clients to simulate a user journey using the application.
		Use current and historic Request Logs to trace customer interaction with the application.
	
	You manage an application that is writing logs to Stackdriver Logging. You need to give some team members 
	the ability to export logs.
		Grant the team members the IAM role of logging.configWriter on Cloud IAM.
	
	Your application services run in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). You want to make sure that only images from your
	centrally-managed Google Container Registry (GCR) image registry in the altostrat-images project can be deployed
	to the cluster while minimizing development time. 	
		Use a Binary Authorization policy that includes the whitelist name pattern gcr.io/altostrat-images/
	
	Your team has recently deployed an NGINX-based application into Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) and has exposed it
	to the public via an HTTP Google Cloud Load Balancer (GCLB) ingress.You want to scale the deployment of the
	application's frontend using an appropriate Service Level Indicator (SLI). 
		Install the Stackdriver custom metrics adapter and configure a horizontal pod autoscaler 
		to use the number of requests provided by the GCLB.
	
	You are the Incident Commander for a new, customer-impacting incident. You need to immediately assign two incident
	management roles to assist you in an effective incident response.
		Communications Lead
		Operations Lead
	
	You support an application running on GCP and want to configure SMS notifications to your team for the most
	critical alerts in Stackdriver Monitoring. You have already identified the alerting policies you want to 
	configure this for.
		Ensure that your team members set their SMS/phone numbers in their Stackdriver Profile. 
		Select the SMS notification option for each alerting policy and then select the appropriate SMS/phone
		numbers from the list.
	
	You are managing an application that exposes an HTTP endpoint without using a load balancer. The latency of the
	HTTP responses is important for the user experience. You want to understand what HTTP latencies all of your users
	are experiencing. You use Stackdriver Monitoring.
		In your application, create a metric with a metricKind set to GAUGE and a valueType set 
		to DISTRIBUTION.In Stackdriver's Metrics Explorer, use a Heatmap graph to visualize the metric.
		
	Your team is designing a new application for deployment both inside and outside Google Cloud Platform (GCP).
	You need to collect detailed metrics such as system resource utilization. You want to use centralized GCP 
	services while minimizing the amount of work required to set up this collection system. 
		Import the Stackdriver Profiler package, and configure it to relay function timing data to 
		Stackdriver for further analysis. 
		
	our team develops numerous applications that are deployed continuously through an automated build pipeline to a
	Kubernetes cluster in the production environment. The security auditor is concerned that developers or operators
	could circumvent automated testing and push code changes to production without approval. What should you do to
	enforce approvals?	
		Enable binary authorization inside the Kubernetes cluster and configure the build pipeline as an attestor.
	
	You support a stateless web-based API that is deployed on a single Compute Engine instance in the europe-west2-a
	zone. The Service Level Indicator (SLI) for service availability is below the specified Service Level Objective
	(SLO). A postmortem has revealed that requests to the API regularly time out. The time outs are due to the API
	having a high number of requests and running out memory. You want to improve service availability. 
		Set up additional service instances in other zones and load balance the traffic between all instances
	
	You are running a real-time gaming application on Compute Engine that has a production and testing environment.
	Each environment has their own Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) network. The application frontend and backend servers
	are located on different subnets in the environment's VPC. You suspect there is a malicious process communicating
	intermittently in your production frontend servers. You want to ensure that network traffic is captured for
	analysis.
		Enable VPC Flow Logs on the production VPC network frontend and backend subnets only with a 
		sample volume scale of 1.0
		
	Your team of Infrastructure DevOps Engineers is growing, and you are starting to use Terraform to manage
	infrastructure. You need a way to implement code versioning and to share code with other team members
		Store the Terraform code in a version-control system. Establish procedures for pushing new versions 
		and merging with the master.	
			
	You are using Stackdriver to monitor applications hosted on Google Cloud Platform (GCP). You recently deployed a
	new application, but its logs are not appearing on the Stackdriver dashboard. You need to troubleshoot the issue.
		Confirm that the Stackdriver agent has been installed in the hosting virtual machine.
	
	A recent security audit alerted your team that the code pushed to production could contain vulnerabilities and
	that the existing tooling around virtual machine (VM) vulnerabilities no longer applies to the containerized
	environment. You need to ensure the security and patch level of all code running through the pipeline.
		Set up Container Analysis to scan and report Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures
	
	You use Cloud Build to build your application. You want to reduce the build time while minimizing cost and
	development effort.
		Use Cloud Storage to cache intermediate artifacts.
	
	You support a web application that is hosted on Compute Engine. The application provides a booking service for
	thousands of users. Shortly after the release of a new feature, your monitoring dashboard shows that all users 
	are experiencing latency at login. You want to mitigate the impact of the incident on the users of your service.
		Roll back the recent release.
		
	You are deploying an application that needs to access sensitive information. You need to ensure that this
	information is encrypted and the risk of exposure is minimal if a breach occurs. 
		Store the encryption keys in Cloud Key Management Service (KMS) and rotate the keys frequently
	
	You encounter a large number of outages in the production systems you support. You receive alerts for all the
	outages that wake you up at night. The alerts are due to unhealthy systems that are automatically restarted 
	within a minute. You want to set up a process that would prevent staff burnout while following Site
	Reliability Engineering practices.
		Eliminate unactionable alerts.
		
	You want to prepare the application for the upcoming busy season. What should you do first to prepare for 
	the busy season?
		Load teat the application to profile its performance for scaling. 
	
	You support a web application that runs on App Engine and uses CloudSQL and Cloud Storage for data storage. 
	After a short spike in website traffic, you notice a big increase in latency for all user requests, increase in
	CPU use, and the number of processes running the application. Initial troubleshooting reveals:
	✑ After the initial spike in traffic, load levels returned to normal but users still experience high latency.
	✑ Requests for content from the CloudSQL database and images from Cloud Storage show the same high latency.
	✑ No changes were made to the website around the time the latency increased.
	✑ There is no increase in the number of errors to the users.
	You expect another spike in website traffic in the coming days and want to make sure users don't experience
	latency.
		Modify the App Engine configuration to have additional idle instances.
		
	You need to implement Jenkins for deploying application releases to GCP. You want to streamline the release
	process, lower operational toil, and keep user data secure.
		Implement Jenkins on Compute Engine virtual machines.
		
	You are working with a government agency that requires you to archive application logs for seven years.
	You need to configure Stackdriver to export and store the logs while minimizing costs of storage.
		Create a sink in Stackdriver, name it, create a bucket on Cloud Storage for storing archived logs, 
		and then select the bucket as the log export destination. 
		
	You support a trading application written in Python and hosted on App Engine flexible environment. You want to
	customize the error information being sent to Stackdriver Error Reporting.
		Use the Stackdriver Error Reporting API to write errors from your application to ReportedErrorEvent, 
		and then generate log entries with properly formatted error messages in Stackdriver Logging.
		
	You need to define Service Level Objectives (SLOs) for a high-traffic multi-region web application. 
	Customers expect the application to always be available and have fast response times. 
	Customers are currently happy with the application performance and availability. 
	Based on current measurement, you observe that the 90 percentile of latency is 120ms and the 95 percentile of
	latency is 275ms over a 28-day window. What latency SLO would you recommend to the team to th th publish?	
		90 percentile 150ms th 95 percentile 300ms th
		
	The development team deploys new releases of the service multiple times a week.If a major incident causes the
	service to miss its SLO, you want the development team to shift its focus from working on features to improving
	service reliability. What should you do before a major incident occurs?
		Develop an appropriate error budget policy in cooperation with all service stakeholders.
	
	Your company is developing applications that are deployed on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). Each team manages a
	different application. You need to create the development and production environments for each team, while
	minimizing costs. Different teams should not be able to access other teams' environments.
		Create a Development and a Production GKE cluster in separate projects. In each cluster, create a
		Kubernetes namespace per team, and then configure Kubernetes Role-based access control (RBAC) 
		so that each team can only access its own namespace
	
	Some of your production services are running in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) in the eu-west-1 region. 
	Your build system runs in the us-west-1 region. You want to push the container images from your build system 
	to a scalable registry to maximize the bandwidth for transferring the images to the cluster. 	
		Push the images to Google Container Registry (GCR) using the eu.gcr.io hostname
	
	You manage several production systems that run on Compute Engine in the same Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project.
	Each system has its own set of dedicated Compute Engine instances. You want to know how must it costs to run each
	of the systems.
		Assign all instances a label specific to the system they run. 
		Configure BigQuery billing export and query costs per label.
	
	You use Cloud Build to build and deploy your application. You want to securely incorporate database credentials
	and other application secrets into the build pipeline. You also want to minimize the development effort.
		Use Cloud Key Management Service (Cloud KMS) to encrypt the secrets and include them in your Cloud Build
		deployment configuration. Grant Cloud Build access to the KeyRing.
		
	You support a popular mobile game application deployed on Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) across several Google
	Cloud regions. Each region has multiple Kubernetes clusters. You receive a report that none of the users in a
	specific region can connect to the application. 
		Reroute the user traffic from the affected region to other regions that don't report issues.
	
	You are writing a postmortem for an incident that severely affected users. You want to prevent similar incidents
	in the future. Which two of the following sections should you include in the postmortem?
		An explanation of the root cause of the incident.
		A list of action items to prevent a recurrence of the incident
	
	You are ready to deploy a new feature of a web-based application to production. You want to use Google Kubernetes
	Engine (GKE) to perform a phased rollout to half of the web server pods.
		Use a partitioned rolling update.
		
	A large number of users report that an important subset of the application's functionality a data intensive
	reporting feature is consistently failing with an HTTP 500 error. When you investigate your application's
	dashboards, you notice a strong correlation between the failures and a metric that represents the size of an
	internal queue used for generating reports. You trace the failures to a reporting backend that is experiencing
	high I/O wait times. You quickly fix the issue by resizing the backend's persistent disk (PD). 
	How you need to create an availability Service Level Indicator (SLI) for the report generation feature.	
		As the proportion of report generation requests that result in a successful response 
	
	You have an application running in Google Kubernetes Engine. The application invokes multiple services per request
	but responds too slowly. You need to identify which downstream service or services are causing the delay.
		Use a distributed tracing framework such as OpenTelemetry or Stackdriver Trace 
		
	You are creating and assigning action items in a postmodern for an outage. The outage is over, but you need to
	address the root causes. You want to ensure that your team handles the action items quickly and efficiently.
	How should you assign owners and collaborators to action items?
		 Assign one owner for each action item and any necessary collaborators.
	
	"""
	Your development team has created a new version of their service's API. You need to deploy the new versions 
	of the API with the least disruption to third-party developers and end users of third-party installed applications.
		Introduce the new version of the API. Announce deprecation of the old version of the API. Deprecate the
		old version of the API. Contact remaining users of the old API. Provide best effort support to users of
		the old API. Turn down the old version of the API
	"""
		
	You are running an application on Compute Engine and collecting logs through Stackdriver. You discover that some
	personally identifiable information (PII) is leaking into certain log entry fields.
	You want to prevent these fields from being written in new log entries as quickly as possible. 
		Use the filter-record-transformer Fluentd filter plugin to remove the fields from the log entries in
		flight.	
	
	The outage was caused by a new release that exhausted the service memory resources. You rolled back the release
	successfully to mitigate the impact on users. You are now in charge of the post-mortem for the outage.
	You want to follow Site Reliability Engineering practices when developing the post-mortem. 
		Focus on identifying the contributing causes of the incident rather than the individual responsible 
		for the cause.	
	
	You support a user-facing web application. When analyzing the application's error budget over the previous six
	months, you notice that the application has never consumed more than 5% of its error budget in any given time
	window. You hold a Service Level Objective (SLO) review with business stakeholders and confirm that the SLO is set
	appropriately. You want your application's SLO to more closely reflect its observed reliability. What steps can
	you take to further that goal while balancing velocity, reliability, and business needs? 	
		Implement and measure additional Service Level Indicators (SLIs) fro the application.
		Announce planned downtime to consume more error budget, and ensure that users are not depending on 
		a tighter SLO.
		
	You support a service with a well-defined Service Level Objective (SLO). Over the previous 6 months, your service
	has consistently met its SLO and customer satisfaction has been consistently high. Most of your service's
	operations tasks are automated and few repetitive tasks occur frequently. You want to optimize the balance
	between reliability and deployment velocity while following site reliability engineering best practices. 
		Increase the service's deployment velocity and/or risk.
		Shift engineering time to other services that need more reliability
	
	
		
	
