To which object or level is an Azure role-based access control (RBAC) role applied?
    scope

What can you use to ensure that a development team can only create virtual machines of a certain size?
    Azure Policy

What can you use to automatically detect performance anomalies for web apps?
    Azure Application Insights

You need to associate the costs of resources to different groups within an organization without changing the location of the resources.
    resource tags

Which two tools are accessible via Azure Cloud Shell and allows you to write Bash scripts to manage an Azure environment?
    Azure PowerShell
    Azure CLI

Which of the following are examples of Azure Sovereign Regions?
    Azure Australia
    Azure US Government
    Azure China

Which of the following Azure Resources are required in order to have a virtual machine?
    network card, storage and a virtual network.
    
What are the two features that Azure AD provides? Choose two.
    Application Management
    Authentication

Which of the following elements is considered part of the <b>network</b> layer of network security?
    Separate servers into distinct subnets by role

What operating systems does Microsoft supply Azure Virtual Machine images for?
    Windows and linux


What affect does using a "read only" resource lock on a Azure Storage Account have?
    storage account cannot have its properties altered but it doesn't affect data itself

What type of documents does the Microsoft Service Trust Portal provide?
    A list of standards that Microsoft follows, pen test results, security assessments, white papers, faqs, and other documents that can be used to show Microsoft's compliance efforts

Which Azure AD licenses (select two) are made available through Azure?
    office 365
    Azure AD Free

Which of the following elements is considered part of the <b>perimeter</b> layer of security?
    Firewall

An Azure Storage Account can have both a public endpoint and a private endpoint at the same time.
    True 

What benefit does Availability Sets provide when it comes to virtual machines in Azure?
    physically and logically Separate virtual machines  so that if one goes down, other do not 

What is the basic way of protecting an Azure Virtual Network subnet?
    Network security group

Approximately how many regions does Azure have around the world?
    Was 54, now 60+

What two types of DDoS protection services does Azure provide? Select two.
    Basic and Standard

