aws overview
	6 advantages of cloud computing
		Trade fixed expense for variable expense
		Benefit from massive economies of scale 
		Stop guessing capacity 
		Increase speed and agility 
		Stop spending money running and maintaining data centers
		Go global in minutes
		
	Global infrastructure
		AWS Region is a physical location in the world where we have multiple Availability Zones.
		Availability Zones consist of one or more discrete data centers.
		AWS Local Zones 
			place compute, storage, database, and other select AWS services closer to end-users.
			AWS Local Zones, you can easily run highly-demanding applications that require single-digit
			millisecond latencies to your end-users such as media & entertainment content creation,		
			real-time gaming, reservoir simulations, electronic design automation, and machine learning.
		AWS Wavelength 
			enables developers to build applications that deliver single-digit millisecond 
			latencies to mobile devices and end-users.
			5G networks.
			single-digit millisecond latencies such as game and live video streaming, machine learning 				inference at the edge, and augmented and virtual reality (AR/VR).
			Application traffic can reach application servers running in Wavelength Zones without leaving 				the mobile provider’s network.
		AWS Outposts 
			bring native AWS services, infrastructure, and operating models to virtually any data center, 				co-location space, or on-premises facility.
			designed for connected environments and can be used to support workloads that need to remain
			on-premises due to low latency or local data processing needs.
		
			
		
	Benefits of AWS security
		Keep Your data safe
		Meet compliance requirements
		Save money
		Scale quickly
	Shared Responsibility Model
		Shared Controls
			Patch Management
			Configuration Management
			Awareness & Training
			
	AWS Well-Architected Framework
		Operational Excellence Pillar
			The operational excellence pillar includes how your organization supports your business
			objectives, your ability to run workloads effectively, gain insight into their operations, and
			to continuously improve supporting processes and procedures to deliver business value.
			Design Principles:
				Perform operations as code
				Make frequent, small, reversible changes
				Refine operations procedures frequently
				Anticipate failure
				Learn from all operational failures
		Security Pillar
			The security pillar focuses on protecting information and systems. Key topics include confidentiality and 				integrity of data, managing user permissions, and establishing controls to detect security events.
			Design Principles:
				Implement a strong identity foundation
				Enable traceability
				Apply security at all layers
				Automate security best practices
				Protect data in transit and at rest
				Keep people away from data
				Prepare for security events
		Reliability Pillar
			The reliability pillar focuses on workloads performing their intended functions and how to recover 				quickly from failure to meet demands. Key topics include distributed system design, recovery planning, 				and adapting to changing requirements.
			Design Principles:
				Automatically recover from failure
				Test recovery procedures
				Scale horizontally to increase aggregate workload availability
				Stop guessing capacity
				Manage change in automation
		Performance Efficiency Pillar
			The performance efficiency pillar focuses on structured and streamlined allocation of IT and computing 				resources.
			The performance efficiency pillar focuses on the efficient use of computing resources to meet 				requirements, and how to maintain efficiency as demand changes and technologies evolve.
			Design Principles:
				Democratize advanced technologies
				    Make advanced technology implementation easier for your team
				Go global in minutes
				Use serverless architectures
				Experiment more often
				Consider mechanical sympathy
		Cost Optimization Pillar
			The cost optimization pillar focuses on avoiding unnecessary costs.
			Design Principles:
				Practice Cloud Financial Management
				Expenditure and usage awareness
				Cost-effective resources
				Manage demand and supplying resources
				Optimize over time
			Sustainability Pillar
				The sustainability pillar focuses on minimizing the environmental impacts of running cloud 					workloads.
				Design principles:
					Understand your impact
					Establish sustainability goals
					Maximize utilization
					Anticipate and adopt new, more efficient hardware and software offering
					Use managed services
					Reduce the downstream impact of your cloud workloads		
	AWS Well-Architected Tool
		designed to help you review the state of your applications and workloads, and it provides a central place for
		architectural best practices and guidance.
		free of cost.
	Support plans
		https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/?cp=sec&sec=prep	
		
	Accessing AWS Services
		AWS Management Console
		AWS Command Line Interface
		Software Development Kits
	
	
	
	
	Analytics
		Amazon Athena
			serverless.
			interactive query service.
			analyze data in Amazon S3 using standard SQL.
			no need for complex ETL jobs to prepare your data for analysis.
			integrated with AWS Glue Data Catalog.
		Amazon EMR
			cloud big data platform for processing vast amounts of data.
			Apache Spark, Apache Hive, Apache HBase, Apache Flink, Apache Hudi, and Presto.
			petabyte-scale analysis at less than half of the cost of traditional on-premises solutions.
			over 3x faster than standard Apache Spark.
			
Notes:

	DynamoDB Accelerator
		fast, in-mem
	DynamoDB global tables
		cross region active active
	Aurora multi master
		only within region
	Amazon Inspector
		automate security and compliance assess
	Personal Health Dashboard
		alerts and remedy when aws have events that might affect you.
	Cost Explorer
		cost and usage
		forecast 
	VPC Endpoint for private conn from VPC
		S3,Dynamo DB
		interface endpoints for other services
	Must activate both aws tags and user tags separately before they appear in cost explorer
	each tag must be unique and each tag have only one value
	
	Biling alarm for estimated charges
		Cloud Watch
	API GAteway
		front door
		RESTful, WebSocket
	Control Tower
		setup , govern multi acc environment
		best practice


	Savings plans 
		Compute
			EC2, Lambda, Fargate
		EC2 instance
		SageMaker
	Snow Family
		Snowcone
			edge computing
			data storage
			data transfer on the go
			little or no connectivity
		Snowball
			Compute Optimized
			Storage Optimized
			petabyte scale migration
			OpsHub
				manage device, transfer data
				launch EC2
		Snowmobile
			Exabyte-scale
			upto 100PB
	Amazon Workspaces
		fully managed desktop virtualization service for Windows and Linux
	AWS Cloud9
		A cloud IDE for writing, running, and debugging code
		BUILD SERVERLESS APPLICATIONS
	AWS DataSync
		online data transfer service
		NFS,Server Message Block (SMB), Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) and more
		Data migration
	Amazon GLue
		serverless data integration
		ETL
		prepare data for analytics
	Amazon EMR	
		Big data platform
		Easily run and scale Apache Spark, Hive, Presto, and other big data workloads
		on EC2, EKS and serverless
	Key Management Service kMS
		Multi-Tenant
		Create and control keys used to encrypt or digitally sign your data
		manage cryptographic keys to encrypt your data at rest
	Secrets manager
		manage, retrieve, and rotate database credentials, 
		API keys, and other secrets throughout their lifecycles.
		Centrally manage the lifecycle of secrets
		store your passwords in variables and use the variables in the application 
		instead of hard coding a password. 
	AWS CloudHSM	
		Single-Tenant
		Manage single-tenant hardware security modules (HSMs) on AWS
		computing devices that process cryptographic operations
		provide secure storage for cryptographic keys.
		offload SSL/TLS processing for web servers
	GuardDuty
		Protect your AWS accounts with intelligent threat detection
		Protect your Amazon Web Services accounts, workloads, 
		and data with intelligent threat detection and continuous monitoring
		
	Amazon Detective	
		Analyze and visualize security data to rapidly get to the root cause of potential security issues
		sources such as (Amazon VPC) Flow Logs,	AWS CloudTrail logs,
		Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) audit logs,
		and Amazon GuardDuty findings
		
	Root user
		account owner
		You can't use IAM policies to explicitly deny the root user access to resources.
		only the root user can close your account
		can only use an AWS Organizations service control policy (SCP) 
		to limit the permissions of the root user.
		Change your account settings. 
		Restore IAM user permissions.
		Activate IAM access to the Billing and Cost Management console.
		Close your AWS account.
	Disaster recovery
		Recovery Time Objective (RTO)
			maximum acceptable delay between the interruption of service and restoration of service. 
		Recovery Point Objective (RPO)
			maximum acceptable amount of time since the last data recovery point.
		Backup and restore
			RPO in hours, RTO in 24 hours or less
		Pilot light
			RPO in minutes, RTO in hours
			application servers are loaded with application code and configurations,
			switched off and are only used during testing or when Disaster Recovery failover is invoked.
		Warm standby
			RPO in seconds, RTO in minutes
			Maintain a scaled-down but fully functional version of 
			your workload always running in the DR Region.
			When scaled up to full scale this is known as a Hot Standby.
		Multi-region (multi-site) active-active
			RPO near zero, RTO potentially zero
			
	AWS Storage Gateway
		Provide on-premises applications with access to virtually unlimited cloud storage
		set of hybrid cloud storage services
		Amazon S3 File Gateway
		Amazon FSx File Gateway
		Volume Gateway
		Tape Gateway
	AWS Trusted Advisor
		Cost optimization
		Performance
		Security
		Fault tolerance
		Service quotas

	AWS Cost Explorer
		Visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time
		forecast
	Amazon Inspector
		vulnerability management service that continuously scans your AWS workloads for vulnerabilities
		Amazon EC2 instances 
		Container images residing in Amazon Elastic Container Registry (Amazon ECR) 
	AWS Compute Optimizer
		Recommends optimal AWS resources to reduce costs and improve performance for your workloads
		EC2
		EBS
		Lambda
	
	
	AWS Plans:
		Basic
			Customer service
			Trusted Advisor
			Personal Health Dashboard
Developer							    Business							Enterprise
Trusted Advisor - NO PRIORITY				Trusted Advisor - NO PRIORITY				Trusted Advisor - HIGH PRIORITY
	Quotas and Basic Security				Full Checks						full checks
Business hrs web access to Support Associates		24/7 phone, web, chat to Support				""
1 primary contact					unlimited contacts						""
Unlimited Cases						Unlimited Cases, Slack Support					""
Gen Guidance < 24hr					Production system impaired: < 4 hours				""
Sys impaired < 12hr					Production system down: < 1 hour				""
												Business/Mission-critical system down < 15min
												30min for Enterprise On-Ramp

Architectural Guidance					Architectural Guidance    		Architectural Guidance
	General							Contextual to your use-cases	Consultative review and guidance based on your apps
No Programatic access					AWS Support API							""
No 3rd Party		 				Interoperability and 						""
							configuration guidance and troubleshooting
											
No AWS Incident Detection and Response 			Infrastructure Event Management for additional fee		no addition fee
												   AWS Incident Detection and Response for an additional fee.
No AWS Managed Services					Access to AWS Managed Services (AMS) for an additional fee.	""
No Technical Account Management					"" 					Designated Technical Account Management
No Training							""						Access to online self-paced labs
															Concierge Support Team
									
			
		
			
		
				
			
		
		
